## Snippet

When you take the [action]Attack[/action] action and hit a creature with a ranged weapon attack, you can use a bonus action and spend 3 tool points to activate your air anchor which will seek out and attach itself to the target of your attack. If the creature makes an attack roll while the air anchor is attached, the air anchor will explode.
If the air anchor explodes, the creature must make a Constitution saving throw. If it fails, it is reduced to 0 hit points. If it succeeds, it takes 10d10 necrotic damage.

## Description

<p>When you take the [action]Attack[/action] action and hit a creature with a ranged weapon attack, you can use a bonus action and spend 3 tool points to activate your air anchor which will seek out and attach itself to the target of your attack. It will remain attached for a number of days equal to your artificer level. The air anchor is harmless unless the creature makes an attack. If the creature makes an attack roll while the air anchor is attached, the air anchor will explode.</p>
<p>If the air anchor explodes, the creature must make a Constitution saving throw. If it fails, it is reduced to 0 hit points. If it succeeds, it takes 10d10 necrotic damage.</p>
<p>As an action, you can remove an unexploded air anchor without a check. If you recover air anchor before it explodes, 2 of the tool points are refunded.</p>
<p>An intelligent creature can attempt to remove the air anchor. To do so, the creature must use an action to make an Intelligence ([skill]Arcana[/skill]) or a Dexterity ([skill]Sleight of Hand[/skill]) check against your spell DC. On a success, the device is removed. On a failure, the creature attached to the air anchor must make a saving throw as if the creature attacked. If another creature is attempting to remove the device and the creature is within 5 feet of the device, that creature must make also a Dexterity saving throw. The creature takes 4d10 necrotic and 4d10 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.</p>